
Benigno Aguirre, 2017

Conference presentations
2017. Brian Gildmeyer and Benigno Aguirre. Cambios climáticos producidos por la humanidad y una nueva dimensión de la génesis de los Tornados, por invitación. 1er Coloquio Latinoamericano de Estudios de Tornados. Auspiciado por El Instituto Superior de Tecnologías y Ciencias Aplicadas de la Universidad de La Habana y El Centro de Investigaciones y Estudios Superiores en Antropología Social de la Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México, en La Habana, Cuba. 

Articles:
2017. Sherif El-Tawil,   Jieshi Fang,  B. Aguirre, Eric Best, A Computational Study of the Station Nightclub Fire Accounting for Social Relationships.  Journal of Artificial Societies and Social Simulation 20 (4) 10.
)2017. Fatemi F, Ardalan A, Benigno Aguirre, Mansouri N, Mohammadfam I. Social vulnerability indicators in disasters: Findings from systematic review. International Journal of Disaster of Risk Reduction. 22: 219-227.
2017 Fatemi F, Ardalan A, Benigno Aguirre, Mansouri N, Mohammadfam I. Constructing the Indicators of Assessing Human Vulnerability to Industrial Chemical Accidents: A Consensus-Based Fuzzy Delphi and Fuzzy AHP Approach. PLOS Currents Disasters.April 10.
2017. Fatemi F, Ardalan A, Benigno Aguirre, Mansouri N, Mohammadfam I. ALOHA Simulation on Toxic Chemical Release: A Scenario-Based Case Study from Ray, Iran. Electronic Physician. [forthcoming]
2017. Links, Jonathan M. , Brian S. Schwartz, Sen Lin, Norma Kanarek, Judith Mitrani-Reiser, Tara Kirk Sell, Crystal R. Boddie, Doug Ward, Cathy Slemp, Robert Burhans, Kimberly Gill, Tak Igusa, Xilei Zhao, Benigno Aguirre, Joseph Trainor, Joanne Nigg, Thomas Ingelsby, Eric Carbone, James M. Kendra. “COPEWELL: A Conceptual Framework and System Dynamics Model for Predicting Community Functioning and Resilience After Disasters. Disaster Medicine and Public Health Preparedness, 1-11. 

Chapters in books:
2017. Aguirre, B. E., Jesus Macias Medrano, J. L. Batista, Grace L. Chikoto. “Spontaneous volunteering in crisis and disaster situations” Chapter 15. David Horton Smith, Robert A. Stebbins and Jurgen Grotz, editors, Palgrave Research Handbook of Volunteering and Nonprofit Associations. U.K., Palgrave Macmillan. 
2017. Aguirre, B. E.  “Business Continuity Planning: The Valdivia Earthquake of 1960.”  Pp. 311-329. Kurt J. Engemann, Editor. Routledge Companions in Business, Management and Accounting. New York: Routledge Taylor & Francis Group.


Assistance to news media:
 Interview with KCBS radio, in San Francisco on disaster preparedness in Puerto Rico and the possible impacts of Hurricane Irma on the island.

Interview with journalist from Le Monde, Paris: On the potential impact of Irma in Cuba and Puerto Rico; also spoke about Cuba's emergency management system and Cuba’s preparation for hurricanes.

Interview with NPR’s Andy Uhler, for  the program, Marketplace. Talked about Puerto Rico's ability to house victims in shelters in the aftermath of Hurricane Irma.

Journal reviews:
Approximately 12-15 reviews.
