2.1.18
Matt was absent.

Nihar is doing good progress with the window problem. An issue that still must be solved is the problem that people bunch up in 
front of exits and cannot exit or do so very slowly because there are other avatars in front of them. We agruee that
it will take one second per person to exit through the window.

The next task for Eileen. 

Eileen is working on a different problem. She finds that some avatars are immmobilized in the corners inside the Station. 
Other avatars get to the doors and do not pass through them to the outside of the building. There are two options. 
They do not go through because there is a problem in the subroutine. Or they do not go through because there are many others 
in front of her and she has to wait her turn.

we need to find out from engineering texts what is the volume of people per second that can cross a door of a given width. 
Once this is done then we can locate the number of avatars in front of each of the doors at the time the avatar reaches the 
area, and calculate the time period in seconds it will take them to evavuate the building, 
and then apply this time delay to the avatar in question. 

I promised to help find the information on the flow of people through different doors. Eileen can find these door widths in 
NIST reports. I think that Matt found it when he worked on the floor plan of the building.

We agree that the programming will be done as follows. 

First, there will be an entry describing the goal of the sub program. 

Second, the actual subroutine is presented.

Third, in a separate folder there will be a file with the test of the sub routine.

The tests of the subroutine will be placed in a separate folder so as to keep the main program neat, 
but it will be linked to it through  a number key.

We also agreed on the following procedural arrangeemnt: 

Eileen will initiate the action by discussing with and eventually telling Nihar what needs to be done next. 
Then Nihar will take as much time as is required to get it done, including testing the subroutine. He will decide 
whether or not to ask Matt for advise. 

After he is done with the task Nihar will discuss what he did with the entire group and if there are no misgivings 
he will enter the material in the boards folder for completed subroutines.

As it has been the cse so far, Matt will continue to provide critical insights into any aspect of the project.
His tecnical expertise is appreciated by all.















